Mr. Bai looks at me
I'm going to give birth to a monkey for you.
Is this really Mr. Bai?
So pretty
It's so beautiful, it's a beauty god
Brother Providence
Sister Fang Yu didn't come back last night
If I were your wife, I wouldn't dare to stay home late at night
Why did I marry such an ignorant woman in the first place?
Mr. Chen, Mrs. Zhou and Mrs. Li are coming soon
I'm going to introduce new products to the two wives today.
Why hasn't Sister Fang Yu come yet?
What does it matter if Eta comes or not?
Your new product is just a random addition to last year's product.
Don't talk like it can decide the life and death of the company
Don't forget that Brother Tianyi is the boss of the company.
Then don't forget that the two wives are going to invest in a new product researched by Sister Fang Yu
Okay, I want someone to find it.
Lai Fangyu
I will criticize it tomorrow.
Don't wait for tomorrow.
Bai Fangyu
Did you know that you are still working?
I said a few words to you yesterday, and you will know how to be the president's wife if you are so lazy.
And you don't have to dress like Cha-cha to please me
You look like a clown, you know?
Phoenix
Never need to imitate
Pheasant, who do you think it is, Mr. Chen?
The two ladies have arrived
What about the new product plan of Southern Moon?
Didn't I ask you to print 20 copies?
Why just print one?
What do you show people?
Remember today is a big day for the company
Without investment, the capital chain will break
Can you have some snacks?
No one told me to print
I said in the group
group
Ah, I'm sorry.
I forgot to pull my sister into the inner group.
Quit
But it didn't matter.
I quit my job